c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GameProject\GameProject\GameProject\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Arial20.xnb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GameProject\GameProject\GameProject\bin\x86\Debug\Content\burger.xnb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GameProject\GameProject\GameProject\bin\x86\Debug\Content\explosion.xnb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GameProject\GameProject\GameProject\bin\x86\Debug\Content\frenchfries.xnb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GameProject\GameProject\GameProject\bin\x86\Debug\Content\teddybear.xnb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GameProject\GameProject\GameProject\bin\x86\Debug\Content\teddybearprojectile.xnb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GameProject\GameProject\GameProject\bin\x86\Debug\Content\sounds\BurgerDamage.xnb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GameProject\GameProject\GameProject\bin\x86\Debug\Content\sounds\BurgerDeath.xnb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GameProject\GameProject\GameProject\bin\x86\Debug\Content\sounds\BurgerShot.xnb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GameProject\GameProject\GameProject\bin\x86\Debug\Content\sounds\Explosion.xnb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GameProject\GameProject\GameProject\bin\x86\Debug\Content\sounds\TeddyBounce.xnb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GameProject\GameProject\GameProject\bin\x86\Debug\Content\sounds\TeddyShot.xnb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GameProject\GameProject\GameProject\bin\x86\Debug\GameProject.exe
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GameProject\GameProject\GameProject\bin\x86\Debug\GameProject.pdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GameProject\GameProject\GameProject\obj\x86\Debug\GameProject.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GameProject\GameProject\GameProject\obj\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.RuntimeProfile.txt
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GameProject\GameProject\GameProject\obj\x86\Debug\GameProject.exe
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GameProject\GameProject\GameProject\obj\x86\Debug\GameProject.pdb
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\GameProject\GameProject\GameProject\bin\x86\Debug\GameProject.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\GameProject\GameProject\GameProject\bin\x86\Debug\GameProject.application
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\GameProject\GameProject\GameProject\obj\x86\Debug\GameProject.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\GameProject\GameProject\GameProject\obj\x86\Debug\GameProject.application
